Add Live Debugger IDE page reference (#30076)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/live_debugger/_index.md

## Using Live Debugger

> <div class="alert alert-info">Try using Live Debugger from your JetBrains IDE! <a href="/developers/ide_plugins/idea/live_debugger/">Click here</a> to learn more.</div>

Reviewer: Adds a little more context:
```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Tip</strong>: Try using Live Debugger from your JetBrains IDE! <a href="/developers/ide_plugins/idea/live_debugger/">Learn more</a> about the Datadog plugin for JetBrains IDEs.</div>
```
